OK and the last section comments this is the section where you quite literally will put any odds and
ends you can think of that are important you know my favorite things to put in this I always like to
mention in the comments how exactly the project is going to work when I'm going to start.
You know how fast you any deadlines.
I like to just let them know for instance what's the status of the design.
If you're reading this for a designer then you need to let the designer know what the status of the
development is.
You need to let them know for instance if they're supposed to work on one section first then another
section.
These are all areas where I would put into comments and comments you can talk about things like you
know this section I'm not 100 percent sure on.
I might change it.
That's something that's worth saying because then the person who's looking at this needs will know to
either change their estimation or program it or make it in a way such that they can change on the fly.
Really anything you think of that can be helpful.
Often times you can put requests in the comment.
You can ask about a certain technology or technique or a suggestion for how to handle something really
this is odds and ends.
The entire point of this is that you want to put everything in here that you couldn't think of to fit
elsewhere so that later on when and if you have a problem hopefully you don't always come back and say
hey at least you were aware of it beforehand.
That's typically what I like to use the comment section for.
So try to cover all the details you can anything you couldn't fit in before that you think is relevant
to the project to your relationship with the contractor and to the success of the project put in the
comments.
Now keep in mind this is not legally binding information but when the sense that you want them to have
as much information as possible up front that's why you should spend some time putting anything into
your comments it's always helpful also as you're going through this.
You can always just think kind of you know on the side or even take notes on the side saying this is
something I have a thought about or a question about and then I'm going to attach that at the end in
the comments section because in the next lecture we're going to cover wire framing which is just as
crucial as the spec sheet if not more I think we're getting to a point now where wire frames are more
important than the spec sheet specs.
It's a little bit old school but if you want to be as accurate and as successful as possible you want
to do both of them so see in the next lecture.